how's it going boys Johnny Superman here
bringing you some more tips and tricks
for NHL 13 and this time we're gonna
cover the 45-degree cuts that's right a
new weapon in the game that's tied into
a new skating engine now the benefit of
a 45-degree cut is that it will allow
you to turn a lot quicker after hustlin
and your player will still be in
possession of the puck look at this now
look I try turning after hustlin without
using the cut and look how wide the
turning radius of my player is alright
if you do this during the game turning
without the cut at top speed a defender
is always going to be able to come in
and body check you okay you don't have
good control your player when you're
turning that fast so at that speed
you're gonna want to use the 45-degree
cuts and this is how you pull them off
okay so to do any 45-degree cut you want
to make sure you're at top speed and go
into a glide state and then make your
45-degree cut here's an example of a
sharp cut to the right with a
right-handed player notice how I do lose
a lot of speed on that cut but I quickly
turn here's an example of a speed cut
look at this one compared to the sharp
cut I don't turn as much but I keep my
speed up so every player has two
different cuts on both sides again
here's a sharp cut to the left this time
I turn a lot quicker but I lose a lot of
speed here's an example of the speed cut
to the left this time I don't turn as
much but I keep my speed up alright so
both can be used lefties and righties
two on each side all rights and to do
the sharp cuts you want to make sure
that after gliding you push the left
stick to either eight o'clock or four
o'clock and to do the speed cuts after
gliding you want to make sure you push
the left stick to either eleven o'clock
or one o'clock all right now when it
comes to a game situation I've noticed
that the sharp cut is great against
offenders who are backing up on you if
you have a fast winger with a great shot
back that defender up use the sharp cut
to the inside and load up a wrist shot
the speed cut however is great against
offenders who are stepping up on you
looking for a body check a poke check or
a stick lift the quick change the
direction while keeping your speed up is
great against them and you might just be
able to get in on a one-on-one with a
goalie right so when it comes to the
sharp cut think stop up and shoot and
when it comes to the speed cut dig deep
to try to get in one-on-one with the
goal
right for Johnny superb man and the
great domsky take it easy boys and we'll
see you next time